README.md, before:

# Password-Website Bank
##### Created by: Mark Arakaki, Jesus Gonzalez, Blake Larson, & Hendricks Hicks

## Description: <br />
This is the website password bank application for ICS 491 at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Using Java, we are developing an all in one user-friendly password storage, where people can login with dual authentication (password and security questions). <br />

They will be able to specify websites in which they have accounts on and store their passwords directly into the database. Each user will obviously have different accounts and only be able to get into their own by credential verification. <br />

Users can login or create a new account which will add to our first SQL table with data like a password, security questions, and answers. Next the user is greated by a menu where they can create a new storage for a specific website, or they can delete an existing one on their account.

## Front-End: (Mark) <br />
Java applet using swing classes to create the user-interface.

## Back-End: (Blake, Jesus, Hendricks) <br />
Java SQL classes to connect to our database and create/delete information, security checks (security questions, passwords), creating databases and tables, linking the front-end to the back-end by ways of verifying identity, and adding or removing website data saved on a user's account <br />
*Currently in the works!*

## Link to GitHub Repository:
https://github.com/marka2/ics491passwordbank

Commit message:

Added Done and In Progress to README.md
This is just for clarity for our TA and Instructor

README.md, after:

# Password-Website Bank
##### Created by: Mark Arakaki, Jesus Gonzalez, Blake Larson, & Hendricks Hicks

## Description: <br />
This is the website password bank application for ICS 491 at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Using Java, we are developing an all in one user-friendly password storage, where people can login with dual authentication (password and security questions). <br />

They will be able to specify websites in which they have accounts on and store their passwords directly into the database. Each user will obviously have different accounts and only be able to get into their own by credential verification. <br />

Users can login or create a new account which will add to our first SQL table with data like a password, security questions, and answers. Next the user is greated by a menu where they can create a new storage for a specific website, or they can delete an existing one on their account.

## Front-End: (Mark) Done <br />
Java applet using swing classes to create the user-interface.

## Back-End: (Blake, Jesus, Hendricks) Currently in the works!<br />
Java SQL classes to connect to our database and create/delete information, security checks (security questions, passwords), creating databases and tables, linking the front-end to the back-end by ways of verifying identity, and adding or removing website data saved on a user's account <br />
*Currently in the works!*

## Link to GitHub Repository:
https://github.com/marka2/ics491passwordbank
